README.md, before:

GridControl
===========

Members
-------
Ralf, Ronald, Marten, Bastian

Features
--------
- add columns
- remove columns
- change columns
- move columns
- add new attributes
- join new attributes

Todo
-----
- role based grid layout
- configuration GUI (?)

XML Syntax
----------
gridcontrol.xml in module etc folder:

<?xml version="1.0"?>
<gridcontrol>
    <grids>
        <product.grid>
            <entity_id>
                <remove/>
            </entity_id>

            <sku>
                <after>name</after>
            </sku>
        </product.grid>

        <gridname>
            <column>
                <remove/>

                <after>columnname</after>

                <add>
                    <header>Column Title</header>
                    <type>text</type>
                    <index>qty</index>
                    <!--<joinAttribute>status|catalog_product/status|entity_id||inner</joinAttribute>-->
                    <joinField>qty|cataloginventory/stock_item|qty|product_id=entity_id|{{table}}.stock_id=1|left</joinField>
                </add>
            </column>

            <selecttest>
                <add>
                    <header>Status Column</header>
                    <type>options</type>
                    <options>
                        <option_a>
                            <key>1</key>
                            <value>Active</value>
                        </option_a>

                        <option_b>
                            <key>2</key>
                            <value>Inactive</value>
                        </option_b>
                    </options>
                    <index>status</index>
                </add>
                <after>column</after>
            </selecttest>
        </gridname>
    </grids>
</gridcontrol>

Commit message:

readme update, where attribute added for join

README.md, after:

GridControl
===========

Members
-------
Ralf, Ronald, Marten, Bastian

Features
--------
- add columns
- remove columns
- change columns
- move columns
- add new attributes
- join new attributes

Todo
-----
- role based grid layout
- configuration GUI (?)
- concat columns in query and use as to get them for the grid
- better xml syntax for where attribute

XML Syntax
----------
gridcontrol.xml in module etc folder:

<?xml version="1.0"?>
<gridcontrol>
    <grids>
        <product.grid>
            <entity_id>
                <remove/>
            </entity_id>

            <sku>
                <after>name</after>
            </sku>
        </product.grid>

        <gridname>
            <column>
                <remove/>

                <after>columnname</after>

                <add>
                    <header>Column Title</header>
                    <type>text</type>
                    <index>qty</index>
                    <!--<joinAttribute>status|catalog_product/status|entity_id||inner</joinAttribute>-->
                    <joinField>qty|cataloginventory/stock_item|qty|product_id=entity_id|{{table}}.stock_id=1|left</joinField>
                </add>
            </column>

            <selecttest>
                <add>
                    <header>Status Column</header>
                    <type>options</type>
                    <options>
                        <option_a>
                            <key>1</key>
                            <value>Active</value>
                        </option_a>

                        <option_b>
                            <key>2</key>
                            <value>Inactive</value>
                        </option_b>
                    </options>
                    <index>status</index>
                </add>
                <after>column</after>
            </selecttest>
        </gridname>
    </grids>
</gridcontrol>
